updating release notes for beta 5 (#2896)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/2.1/release-notes/2.1.0/index.md

Metronome based jobs can now join container networks to communicate with other services/jobs in the same network.

## Domain Sockets for Agent Executor Communication
Agents and Executors now communicate over Unix Domain sockets making operators life easy in the presence of container overlay networks.

> ### Deprecation of Marathon LB

Reviewer: This is a package release. So I wouldn't call it here?

> ### Hive Metastore for Spark SQL

Reviewer: I would actually change this to Deprecation of Hive Metastore. cc @kaiwalyajoshi. 
Also, this is a package release. So I wouldn't call it here?

Author: What do you mean a package release?

Author: Ok took this out of release notes.

> ### Add support for 3rd party CSI Driver in DSS

Reviewer: I wouldn't call this out. This is just documentation.

### Secure Kafka TLS with User Provided TLS Certs (HPE GIT)

### Certificate ( HPE GIT)

> ### 3rd Party DVDI driver usage (HPE GIT)

Reviewer: I wouldn't call this out. This is just documentation.

> ### Jenkins Support for DC/OS Windows

Reviewer: This is a package release. So I wouldn't call it here?

### Mesos Operator API scalability

> ### Advanced Jobs w/ Dependencies

Reviewer: This shouldn't be here. This is scheduled for 2.2.

### Configurable Mesos Flags to enable easy install time config

> ### Fault tolerance for Exhibitor to enable failover

Reviewer: This shouldn't be here. This is scheduled for 2.2

## Issues fixed in this release

The issues that have been fixed in DC/OS 2.1.0 are listed below. Most change descriptions include one or more issue tracking identifiers enclosed in parenthesis for reference

COPS-5951
COPS-5915
COPS-5868
COPS-5827
COPS-5814
COPS-5804
COPS-5738
COPS-5629
COPS-5617
COPS-5615
COPS-5428
### Marathon Fixed and Improved Issues

https://github.com/mesosphere/marathon/blob/master/changelog.md

## Breaking changes
Remove the octarine package from DC/OS. It was originally used as a proxy for the CLI but is not used for this purpose, anymore.

> DC/OS Net: wait till agents become active before fanning out Mesos tasks. (DCOS_OSS-5463)

Reviewer: "Wait". 

@jkoelker  Is there a better way to describe this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DC/OS Net will now wait until agents become active before adding DNS entries for tasks on the agent to prevent resolving to unreachable addresses (DCOS_OSS-5463)
```
